Now...
Take this!
[pained scream]
Mystvearn: King Vearn!
Yeah, that's right!
Dai actually pulled it off.
Alright. Now, Maam!
We should heal up
before they can...
Maam: Is that a Fullheal?!
Oh, no. H-Hurry!
[gasp]
Hyunckel [thought]:
Legend has it that
a phoenix can be
reborn from its ashes...
But something like him...
That was even more
than I expected.
The great Draconic Aura.
A terrifying ability in
both attack and defense.
I cannot win bare-handed.
Vearn: You leave
me no choice.
It seems I must use
my own legendary weapon.
Lon Beruk: The
heavens are trembling.
The Dark King Vearn
has appeared,
and will wield his most
terrifying weapon at last.
His what? How can
you even tell?
I know, because...
I created it.
Oh, no...
Vearn: This is my weapon...
the Staff of Edacity.
Dai [thought]:
What is that thing?
Your fate cannot be escaped.
Now that we both wield
weapons forged by Lon Beruk,
our strength alone will decide
who shall be the victor.
Lon Beruk made yours, too?
He would never!
The man is a
Darkling, is he not?
Considering his very nature,
what's far more
surprising is that
he gave you humans
your weapons, isn't it?
Back then.
I showed him several
weapons of mine,
all of them like
the Dark Armor Sword.
Vearn chose the Staff of
Edacity to carry into battle.
And, just what is it?
Lon Beruk: You've heard
of a Somatic Staff, right?
Of course.
It converts Magic Power
into attack power, doesn't it?
This functions with
the same principle.
But, while a Somatic
Staff is limited in
how much Magic Power
it can convert,
the Staff of Edacity
suffers no such limitations.
When the Dark King wields it
with the entire depth of
his magical ability...
It becomes the greatest tool,
the most terribly
destructive weapon of all.
And now, observe...
The true masterpiece
of Lon Beruk.
Drink up.
My power belongs to you!
Now, come.
Let us try this again.
[roaring]
[gasp]
It broke?!
The Sword of Dai - it's...
Supposed to be to
be indestructible!
It seems you've lost
your will to fight, boy.
Hardly anyone has managed
to last this long before.
You can be proud...
in the afterlife.
Dai!
What's wrong with you?!
Get up!
Move it, now!
Popp: You have to get up!
I'm begging you, pal.
Don't make us all see you
like this before the end!
This is the last thing
you will ever see.
Calamitous Wall!
Now, embrace your defeat!
Dai: Hyunckel! Crocodine!
So, Crocodine. Are you
with me on this one?
Indeed.
I owe everything that I have
to the hero and his friends!
Y-You guys...
You aren't...
Both of you - move it!
We're right where
we need to be.
If this is the end,
I can think of
nowhere better...
Than to be here, giving
you the time you need!
At least let us choose
where we will meet our end!
But, you can't...
[roaring]
[pained howling]
Hyunckel, no!
Crocodine!
Dai...
It's futile. I win.
Vearn: Once
it's been unleashed,
the Calamitous Wall
cannot be stopped.
Popp: Maam...
I've gotta ask.
Would you...
Would you please
hold my hand...
until this... is all over?
[screaming]
Popp: I-It can't be...
It's Hadlar!
What is he doing?!
Vearn: This is a surprise.
Not only that you've managed
to survive the Black Core,
but that you've also
sided with the boy...
Hadlar.
I haven't sided with anyone.
I just didn't
want you stealing
my one real chance at
revenge against the Hero.
Hadlar: If Dai had
perished, it would have
made my transformation into
a monster meaningless...
And I would have
no reason to live.
Vearn: Then fear not.
For your death is imminent.
Vearn: You see, the Black Core
was already fused
with your body.
Now that it's been removed,
you only have so much
time left to live.
Vearn: But the reason I
know you won't survive...
is because I am going to
finish you off here and now,
Dark Lord.
I have been generous,
giving you chance after chance
to prove yourself
over all these years,
but I'm not so
forgiving that I will
allow my prey to
be stolen from me.
Therefore, you need not worry
about having a reason to live.
We're finally free.
Sigma: I sense Lord
Hadlar's presence...
He's close.
Well, good.
Hym: What?!
King Vearn and Lord
Hadlar are fighting?!
We must assist our master.
Mystvearn: You will not!
Dark Puppetry
Aura Decimation Field!
[pained groans]
Killvearn: You're out
of moves here, Queen.
Hadlar [thought]:
Those four...
Just what is going
on here, Mystvearn?!
Mystvearn: Hadlar rescued Dai
and his friends from King Vearn
and let them escape.
The act of a traitor.
As such, he must suffer
the greatest punishment.
What?!
Mystvearn: You will
not intervene.
Witness the end
of your master.
No! He can't!
Lord Hadlar!
Hym [thought]: He's so fast!
Fare thee well, dear Hadlar.
Hym [thought]: No, no!
Everything is ending so fast...
We still have not destroyed
the Disciples of Avan.
It can't end like this...
It can't!
W-What?!
Well, I'd rather not be killed
by you for a second time.
If you truly want to
take my life so badly...
then I have no choice
but to strike you down!
You will not
underestimate me...
Dark King!
[roaring]
[pained groan]
Vearn [thought]:
Impossible...
How could he repel my attack?
I gave him a body that
would grow more powerful
each time he was resurrected.
But he couldn't be resurrected
at all without my Dark Aura.
Now that he has become one
of these "Superior Beings",
I assumed that his access
to that power was lost!
Yet he brought himself back
from the brink of death.
And now it seems he
may actually have become
strong enough to
rival me in battle!
Mystvearn: Stop, Hadlar!
Killvearn: Don't you care
what happens to your servants?
I do not.
So do what you will.
If I am truly destroyed...
None of them will
survive, anyways.
The Hadlar Royal
Guard stands united,
and our sole objective is to
defeat the Disciples of Avan!
None of my
servants fear death,
so long as it
serves our purpose!
That's right.
And very well said,
we're by your side.
Vearn... You're the one...
who's dying today!
Do you really believe that you
will be able to vanquish me
with a meager increase
to your power?!
If it were just that,
I would doubt it.
But...
In your weakened state,
it's another story.
Vearn: [struggling grunt]
I assume that staff of yours
is absorbing Magic Power
and converting it
into strength.
So, simply holding it...
Must drain your Magic
Power continuously!
Vearn [thought]: I could
break the Sword of Dai,
but not this
Orichalcum blade...
He's right.
The fight against
Dai and his friends
has left me with
little energy.
It seems like
you've caught on.
And because your
power is truly waning,
in a clash of true might,
I now have the advantage!
Mystvearn: No...
Sigma: Now, now...
If you release these bindings,
Well, there's no telling
what we'd be able to do.
[smug chuckle]
Don't you want to find out?
You can be quite
certain that...
the instant you move,
you'll be burned to a crisp...
Mister Reaper.
Killvearn: You
arrogant little doll.
[roaring]
Kaiser Phoenix!
Hadlar: Normally, that attack
would have reduced me to ashes.
How many centuries
has it been
since you've felt
this kind of weakness?
[frustrated snarl]
I will not miss my chance!
I'd like to see you try.
[roaring]
Hadlar: So long, King Vearn!
But, that's...
Zaboera: [cackling]
Hadlar: Zaboera?!
You dare ignore your debt
for being made into a
Superior Being, old fool?!
Zaboera: Don't bother.
I may not be able to move,
but neither can you.
Why, that parasite!
Zaboera: Now's your
chance, my Dark King!
Excellent work,
yet again, Zaboera.
Hold him still and
I will make this quick.
Yes, Sire!
Hadlar - no!
And now the tables have turned.
C'mon, fight!
Both: No!
Block?!
Where did he go?!
W-What the...?!
Block, no!
Everyone...
Just look after...
Lord Hadlar...
Block!
You idiot!
What could you possibly mean,
"Look after him"?
How can those be the first words
you've ever said to us, huh?!
Thank you, Block...
Vearn: So, they've escaped.
Killvearn: Who'd've
thought that the rook
would have such a
trick up his sleeve?
Vearn: The rook...
Ah, yes.
A castling maneuver.
Mystvearn: Castling?
In the game of chess,
there is a move that allows
a player to rearrange
the placement of the
king and rook pieces.
That warrior was
born from a rook.
It's no surprise that the piece
would possess such an ability.
But I had just gotten
Hadlar into a checkmate.
If this were a proper game...
castling to escape a check...
would be a cowards move!
Dai?! W-Where did he go?!
I thought we all
fell together!
Could he still - be...
Popp: Is that what
Hyunckel talked about?!
How interesting...
The Holy Mother Dragon...
Mystvearn: It's said
that she arrives
only when the life of a
Dragon Knight has ended.
Then that must mean...
I am the victorious one.
There, Popp. Look!
Popp: Dai?!
Gomechan: [forlorn chirp]
Wait, no! Dai isn't dead yet!
Dai would-
He can't be - there's no way!
Please wait!
Popp: Don't take
him away from us!
What is that?
Baduck: [coughing]
Their weapons?
Why would they return...
to Sir Lon Beruk and
not their masters?
Marin: Could Dai
and the others be...
I doubt that anyone else will
come to try and thwart my plans.
Even if the legends are true,
and the Holy Mother Dragon gives
birth to a new Dragon Knight,
it will take decades
before the inheritor to
the role is fully grown.
Meanwhile, it will take
me less than ten days
to reduce the Surface World
to nothing but ashes.
We only need to be careful of
any desperate
resistance from Hadlar.
Come with me,
my loyal subjects.
It's time to bring
ruin to this world.
Narrator: Thanks to
Hadlar's surprise attack,
our heroes escape King Vearn,
but find themselves scattered
and heavy with defeat.
With Dai under the
Mother Dragon's wing,
Popp and Maam wash
ashore in Carl Kingdom.
And while he prays for
his friends' survival,
Popp learns that Vearn
has begun his siege
against the Surface World.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Survivors".